# LifeLongLearning - Please contact me if you are interested to participate
**Peer to Peer Adult Learning Engagement in Online Collaborative Learning: Characteristics and Learning Outcomes **

The purpose of this study is to investigate an under-researched area of adult learning in informal and unstructured online spaces. The first phase of the project involved a systematic review of 31 studies on adult learners’ peer-to-peer (P2P) interactions in online learning environments. The aspects explored were: (1), the characteristics of adult P2P engagement in online collaborative learning environments; (2), the impacts of that engagement on the learning outcomes of adult learners; and (3), the factors that could facilitate or hinder adult engagement in such environments. The review revealed that most studies investigated the broad effects of P2P adult learning on learning outcomes. These effects suggest that: (1) the adult learning efficiency could be improved through the application of more specialized approaches; and (2), that various unexplored factors may be important in facilitating P2P adult learning. This research will allow for better consideration of adult learning processes and activities. 
http://aisel.aisnet.org/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1099&context=pacis2017

Peer to Peer Adult Learning Engagement in Online Communities of Practice: Evidence from GitHub

Whilst the extant literature has already acknowledged the difference between offline adult learners and the online learners, few studies have explored factors which may facilitate or hinder peer to peer (P2P) adult engagement in online community of practice. Additionally, existing studies confirm the crucial role of P2P engagement in the learning process. However, questions remain unanswered as to what specific factors of the community of practice facilitate or hinder learning outcomes. Responding to these research questions, the present study (1) understands and explores the effect of P2P engagement in the community of practice and (2) explains how the quality of P2P engagement affects their interaction in a learning community. Participants who were actively engaged in online community of practice were interviewed to explore these questions. Latent Semantic Analysis (LSA) showed how P2P engagement describes adults' learning behaviour and learning outcomes.
